ref: Node DB auto-instrumentation docs (#3563)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/common/performance/database.mdx

title: Database integrations
---

> Node.js has a few integrations that support tracking database queries as Spans. Starting version `6.4.0`, when you are using one of the supported database drivers or ORMs, the integration is installed automatically for you, there is nothing you need to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js has a few integrations that support tracking database queries as spans. Starting version `6.4.0`, `@sentry/tracing` will auto-detect supported database drivers or ORMs being used in your project, and automatically enable the relevant integrations with default options - no additional code necessary.
```

> Node.js has a few integrations that support tracking database queries as spans. Starting version `6.4.0`, `@sentry/tracing` will auto-detect supported database drivers or ORMs being used in your project, and automatically enable the relevant integrations with default options - no additional code necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Node.js integrations support tracking database queries as spans. Starting in version `6.4.0`, `@sentry/tracing` will auto-detect supported database drivers or ORMs being used in your project, and automatically enable the relevant integrations with default options - without needing additional code.
```

> Supported packages and their integration name are, respectively: `pg` (Postgres), `mongodb` (Mongo), `mongoose` (Mongo) and `mysql` (Mysql).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Supported packages and their integration name: 
- `pg` (Postgres)
- `mongodb` (Mongo)
- `mongoose` (Mongo)
- `mysql` (MySQL)
```

### Disabling automatic instrumentation

> To remove an integration, please refer to our [integrations](/platforms/node/configuration/integrations/#removing-an-integration) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to remove an automatically-enabled integration, please refer to our [integrations](/platforms/node/configuration/integrations/#removing-an-integration) docs.
```

I actually think we might to well to have an example here, even with the link.

> ### Adding integrations manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Manually Adding Integrations
```
